OCPBUGS-35498 adding clarification from SME (#77710)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/multiple_networks/configuring-multi-network-policy.adoc

toc::[]

> As a cluster administrator, you can configure multi-network for additional networks. You can specify multi-network policy for SR-IOV, macvlan, and OVN-Kubernetes additional networks. Macvlan additional networks are fully supported. Other types of additional networks, such as ipvlan, are not supported. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a cluster administrator, you can configure a multi-network policy for a Single-Root I/O Virtualization (SR-IOV), MAC Virtual Local Area Network (MacVLAN), or OVN-Kubernetes additional networks. MacVLAN additional networks are fully supported. Other types of additional networks, such as IP Virtual Local Area Network (IPVLAN), are not supported. 
```

[NOTE]
====

> Support for configuring multi-network policies for SR-IOV additional networks is only supported with kernel network interface cards (NICs). SR-IOV is not supported for Data Plane Development Kit (DPDK) applications.

Reviewer: NIC = network interface controller?

![Screenshot from 2024-06-21 12-04-46](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/57954076/ecf94428-6c16-4def-b87e-e57996824ddf)
